<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Header Buttons</title>
		<object data="_tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<section id="buttons-desc" data-important="THIS GETS INCLUDED IN OTHER PAGES!">
				<p>
					Add buttons to the TopBar with the <code>buttons</code> method. This both sets and gets.
					If you omit the argument, you"ll get the current buttons (jQuery style).
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript" class="attention">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.TopBar.buttons([
							{label : 'Primary', type : 'ts-primary'},
							{label : 'Secondary', type : 'ts-secondary'},
							{label : 'Tertiary One'},
							{label : 'Tertiary Two'}
						]);
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You can use array methods like <code>push</code>, <code>pop</code>, <code>shift</code>,
					<code>unshift</code>, <code>splice</code>, <code>reverse</code> and so on to manage
					buttons. Just note that the buttons <code>length</code> is readonly.
				</p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						The buttons <code class="attr-name">type</code> property works like the CSS
						<code class="attr-name">class</code> for a regular Button
					</li>
					<li>
						The TopBar will automatically sort all buttons from primary to tertiary.
					</li>
					<li>
						If there"s more than one tertiary button, these will be pushed to an Aside.
					</li>
					<li>
						In the mobile breakpoint, even secondary buttons will be pushed to the Aside.
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					Buttons won"t actually do anything unless you define the
					<code>onclick</code> method.
				</p>
				<p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="runnable">
							ts.ui.TopBar.buttons().splice(0, 1, {
								label : 'Click me!',
								type : 'ts-primary',
								onclick: function() {
									this.label = 'Thanks';
								}
							});
						</script>
					</figure>
				</p>

				<p>
					Fortunately, you can always change what happens when a button gets clicked.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.TopBar.buttons().forEach((button, index) => {
							button.label = "Button " + (index + 1);
							button.onclick = function() {
								ts.ui.Notification.success(this.label);
							};
						});
					</script>
				</figure>

				<h3>Query buttons</h3>
				<p>
					You can locate buttons by index in the
					<code>buttons</code> collection. But since this isn"t likely to match the order in which
					they appear on screen, it"s easier to give the buttons an <code>id</code> and find them
					using <code>buttons.get()</code>.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var buttons = ts.ui.TopBar.buttons();
						buttons.push({ id: 'example-button' });
						var button = buttons.get('example-button');
						button.label = 'My Button';
						button.type = 'ts-secondary';
					</script>
				</figure>

				<!--
				<h3>Icon buttons</h3>
				<div data-ts="Note">
					<i class="ts-icon-todo"></i>
					<p>TODO: Note about the <code>info</code> property for view in Aside!</p>
				</div>
				-->

				<h3>Hide buttons</h3>
				<p>
					You can <code>hide()</code> and <code>show()</code> buttons. You can also toggle
					<code>visible</code>.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.TopBar.buttons().forEach(button => {
							if(button.visible) {
								button.hide();
							} else {
								button.show();
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>

				<h3>Disable buttons</h3>
				<p>
					You can <code>disable()</code> and <code>enable()</code> buttons. You can also toggle
					<code>disabled</code>.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.TopBar.buttons().forEach(button => {
							if(button.disabled) {
								button.enable();
							} else {
								button.disable();
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>

				<h3>Busy buttons</h3>
				<p>
					We can display a temporary progress indicator with the
					<code>busy</code> and <code>done</code> methods.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var button = ts.ui.TopBar.buttons()[0];
						button.busy();
						setTimeout(() => {
							button.done();
						}, 1000);
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>The <code>busy</code> method supports an optional status message.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var button = ts.ui.TopBar.buttons()[0];
						button.busy('Making progress');
						setTimeout(() => {
							button.done();
						}, 1000);
					</script>
				</figure>

				<h3>Button groups</h3>
				<p>
					You can also <em>group buttons in arrays</em> to create button groups that look like this:
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.TopBar.buttons([
							{ label: 'Normal'},
							{ label: 'Normal'},
							[
								{ label: 'Accept', type: 'ts-primary' },
								{ label: 'Reject', type: 'ts-danger' }
							]
						]);
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You can of course also create grouped buttons with icons instead of text.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var group = ts.ui.TopBar.buttons()[2];
						group.push({
							icon: 'ts-icon-other',
							type: 'ts-danger'
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section id="buttons-api" data-important="THIS GETS INCLUDED IN OTHER PAGES!">
				<p>
					Here"s a summary of the <code>buttons</code> collection and <code>button</code> model.
				</p>
				<div data-ts="DoxApi">
					<script type="application/json">
						{
							"name": "ts.ui.ButtonCollection",
							"methods": [
								{
									"name": "push",
									"args": "o1, o2, ...",
									"desc": "Add button(s) to the end of the collection."
								},
								{
									"name": "unshift",
									"args": "o1, o2, ...",
									"desc": "Add button(s) to the front of the collection."
								},
								{
									"name": "pop",
									"desc": "Remove and return the last button."
								},
								{
									"name": "shift",
									"desc": "Remove and return the first button."
								},
								{
									"name": "splice",
									"args": "i, d, o1, o2, ...",
									"desc": "Insert button(s) at `i`, optionally deleting `d` amount of buttons."
								},
								{
									"name": "get",
									"args": "string|number",
									"desc": "Get button by `id` or numeric index."
								},
								{
									"name": "clear",
									"desc": "Remove all buttons."
								}
							]
						}
					</script>
				</div>
				<div data-ts="DoxApi">
					<script type="application/json">
						{
							"name": "ts.ui.ButtonModel",
							"properties": [
								{
									"name": "id",
									"type": "string",
									"desc": "Optional button `id`."
								},
								{
									"name": "label",
									"type": "string",
									"desc": "The buttons label."
								},
								{
									"name": "icon",
									"type": "string",
									"desc": "The button icon (label must be `null` or empty)."
								},
								{
									"name": "info",
									"type": "string",
									"desc": "The button tooltip (hover text)."
								},
								{
									"name": "visible",
									"type": "boolean",
									"desc": "Button is visible?"
								},
								{
									"name": "disabled",
									"type": "boolean",
									"desc": "Button is disabled?"
								}
							],
							"methods": [
								{
									"name": "onclick",
									"desc": "Called whenever the button gets clicked."
								},
								{
									"name": "busy",
									"args": "(string)",
									"desc": "Mark button busy with optional message."
								},
								{
									"name": "done",
									"desc": "Mark the button done (not busy)."
								},
								{
									"name": "hide",
									"desc": "Hide the button."
								},
								{
									"name": "show",
									"desc": "Show the button."
								},
								{
									"name": "disable",
									"desc": "Disable the button."
								},
								{
									"name": "enable",
									"desc": "Enable the button."
								}
							]
						}
					</script>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
	<html></html>
</html>
