<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Copy in the Development Process</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<h1>Copy in the Development Process</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					When it comes to producing good copy, embedding it into the development process is just as
					important as following the principles, guidelines and rules.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<p>
					If writing copy is not taken seriously as a task and allocated adequate time, resources
					and interest, the end result will not be good. The following guidelines should help each
					product team to incorporate copywriting into the development process:
				</p>

				<dl>
					<dt>
						Copywriting is a skill, and should ideally be done by the most capable.
					</dt>
					<dd>
						Writing copy is a skill in and of itself, and whilst it is related to a number of other
						skills, it is definitely a skill that requires practice, effort and knowledge. Knowledge
						of the English language is a necessary but not sufficient skill, and even skilled people
						will produce poor copy when rushed. What this means is that each team should allocate
						copywriting to whoever is the most capable. In some teams this might be the designer, in
						others it might be the PM, and in others it might be a developer. What is important is
						that this is a conscious decision, and not left to be picked up by a stressed PM on the
						day before release.
					</dd>

					<dt>Good copy takes time, effort and iterations.</dt>
					<dd>
						Again, no matter how amazing someone is at writing copy, a truly good result can only be
						achieved through iteration and effort. The first drafts for copy should be produced as
						early as possible in the development process, and these should be discussed and iterated
						on much like everything else.
					</dd>
				</dl>

				<!--

			<hr/>
			<p>Continue reading about our UI Copy Guidelines on the <a href="//tradeshift.github.io/#design/copy/terms.html" data-ts="Button">Terminology &amp; Cheat Sheet</a> page.</p>dev.html:35:17
			-->
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
