<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>UI Copy Principles</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<h1>Product copy principles</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					Copy is an aspect of UI design that is often left by the wayside. With a product that
					handles both sensitive and complicated processes, it is essential that the design is
					supported by strong copy.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<p>
					In the same way that the design decisions rest upon a set of principles, copy decisions
					follow a similar pattern. The following principles are meant to give very high-level
					explanations for some of the decisions that we have made with regards to how copy should
					be, and what it should do. All of the other sections within these copy guidelines are
					informed by these principles.
				</p>

				<dl>
					<dt>
						Copy should above all else be informative and drive the experience forward
					</dt>
					<dd>
						Tradeshift is a complicated product for a complicated industry. There is already a lot
						about the industry we work in that is very confusing, so the copy should be as clear as
						possible. This principle might seem obvious, but it really is at the core of copy
						strategy. This principle informs all the other ones in this list, and every single line
						of copy on Tradeshift should aim to satisfy this principle.
					</dd>

					<dt>
						Copy should be as concise as possible, but clarity should not be sacrificed in favor of
						brevity
					</dt>
					<dd>
						Brevity is a good thing, but not to the exclusion of everything else. Following
						principle number one above, brevity is only good insofar as it leads to informative
						copy. Thus, brevity is one extreme of an axis, but not the goal. An extremely short
						piece of copy can also be extremely uninformative ("an error occurred"). In such cases,
						increased length is the preferred option in order to achieve maximum information
						transfer ("an unidentified error occurred during the uploading process. Please try
						again. If this problem persists, please contact Tradeshift support")
					</dd>

					<dt>
						In terms of tone, copy should be friendly and casual, but serious.
					</dt>
					<dd>
						We’re new, young and exciting, but we’re still dealing with people’s businesses, money,
						and other serious things. This is a fine line to tread – Tradeshift should not be boring
						and soulless, but it still needs to be taken seriously. A casual, friendly tone is good
						("You haven’t added a picture to your profile yet. What are you waiting for?"). Pop
						culture references ("These are not the droids you’re looking for"), or even worse,
						internet-culture references are not. Product copy should still feel natural when spoken
						out loud. If a piece of copy doesn’t feel natural in a context of one person explaining
						something to another, then it’s not good enough.
					</dd>

					<dt>Consistency is critical for a positive customer experience.</dt>
					<dd>
						Product copy should be consistent across different parts of the product. Marketing
						messages appearing within the product and emails generated by product activity should
						also be consistent with product copy to ensure understanding. This consistency applies
						mostly to product names, terminology key words and error messages but also applies to
						tone, style, punctuation, format, etc. The page
						<a href="http://tradeshift.github.io/#design/copy/terms.html"
							>Terminology &amp; Cheat Sheet</a
						>
						is the main resource to ensure consistency.
					</dd>

					<dt>
						Product copy should assume as little previously existing knowledge as possible from the
						user.
					</dt>
					<dd>
						In keeping with design principles, Tradeshift users are very rarely expert users, and in
						many cases, the tasks they do at Tradeshift are not the principal tasks of their
						position. As such, product copy should not assume that the user possesses any deep
						technical, industry, or other specific knowledge. If it sounds like an engineer talking
						to another engineer, it’s not good enough. If it sounds like an accountant talking to
						another, it’s not good enough. If it sounds like a lawyer talking to another lawyer (or
						a lawyer talking to anyone) it’s not good enough.
					</dd>

					<dt>Copywriting is part of good design</dt>
					<dd>
						This means that copy is not something that gets added once a design has been finalized.
						Rather copy is integral to the design process. This means that placeholder copy is not
						good enough. This does not mean that copy needs to be perfect from the very first
						wireframe. What it does mean, however, is that copy cannot be Lorem Ipsum until an hour
						before deployment. It is very much acceptable to write preliminary copy, and to iterate
						on it as the whole design is iterated, but copy is as important as layout in terms of
						providing a good user experience.
					</dd>
				</dl>

				<!--
				<hr/>
				<p>Continue reading about our UI Copy Guidelines on the <a href="//tradeshift.github.io/#design/copy/dev.html" data-ts="Button">Handling Copy During
				Development</a> page.</p>index.html:38:17
				-->
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
