<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>API-only Components</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<h1>API-only components</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					These components will insert themselves into the DOM and generally don't come with a HTML
					API. Some of them are known to affect the general page layout.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3><a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/header/">Header</a></h3>
				<p>
					The Header <strong>↑</strong> provides tabs for navigation and buttons that affect the
					entire app.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Header.buttons([
							{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-primary'},
							{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-secondary'},
							{label: 'Button', onclick: function() {
								console.log('Clicked');
							}}
						]);
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3><a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/footer/">Footer</a></h3>
				<p>
					The Footer features buttons that relate to the Main area and
					<em>actions</em> that are reserved for working with selected objects of any kind.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Footer.buttons([
							{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-primary'},
							{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-secondary'},
							{label: 'Button', onclick: () => {
								console.log('Button clicked');
							}}
						]).actions([
							{label: 'Action', icon: 'ts-icon-followed'},
							{label: 'Action', icon: 'ts-icon-favorites'},
							{label: 'Action', icon: 'ts-icon-code', onclick: () => {
								console.log('Action clicked');
							}}
						]).status('Hello World');
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3>
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/datepicker/">DatePicker</a>
				</h3>
				<p>A easy way to select dates.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.DatePicker({
							title: "Your Birthday",
							value: '1984-05-23',
							min: '1984-01-01',
							max: '1985-12-24',
							onselect: function(date) {
								ts.ui.Notification.success(date + ' selected');
								this.close();
							},
							onclosed: function() {
								this.dispose();
							}
						}).open();
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3><a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/dialogs/">Dialog</a></h3>
				<p>Works much like the JavaScript <code>confirm()</code> method.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Dialog.confirm('Show the Warning dialog?', 'Show It', 'Nope', {
							onaccept: function() {
								ts.ui.Dialog.warning('Show the Danger dialog?', 'Of Course', {
									onaccept: function() {
										ts.ui.Dialog.danger('That could be dangerous.', 'Got it');
									}
								});
							},
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3>
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/notifications/">Notification</a>
				</h3>
				<p>Themed variants of the JavaScript <code>alert()</code> method.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Notification.success('Notification.success');
						ts.ui.Notification.info('Notification.info');
						ts.ui.Notification.warning('Notification.warning');
						ts.ui.Notification.error('Notification.error');
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3><a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/notes/">Note</a></h3>
				<p>
					A nice way to inform the user about something in general. This is
					<strong>not</strong> for status messages! The Note attaches to the top of the page, so you
					will have to scroll back up...
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Note({
							icon: 'ts-icon-heart',
							text: 'This is the Note. Thanks for scrolling up.',
							onclose: function() {
								ts.ui.Notification.success('The Note is gone...');
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3>
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/cards/usercard.html">UserCard</a>
				</h3>
				<p>Show some details about a user.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.UserCard({
							id: '6bf17754-f9de-4e31-aa31-bd3ff765b9c2',
							data: {
								name: 'Wired Earp',
								image: 'assets/wiredearp.png',
								title: 'EDB Programmer',
								role: 'Gentleman Spy',
								email: 'jmo@tradeshift.com',
								company: 'Tradeshift',
								companyUrl: 'http://tradeshift.com/'
							}
						}).open();
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
