<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>SideBars Gallery</title>
		<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />
	</head>
	<body class="nosticky">
		<aside data-ts="SideBar" id="global-before" data-ts.title="Global SideBar">
			<div data-ts="Panel">
				<div data-ts="Note">
					<i class="ts-icon-info"></i>
					<p>
						This is an <strong>undocumented</strong> type of SideBar that can be used for bonus
						navigation and app settings and stuff.
					</p>
				</div>
				<p>
					Tradeshift venison flank andouille tail. Drumstick biltong spare ribs chuck. T-bone
					drumstick hamburger shankle doner ball tip leberkas pork belly brisket pastrami chicken
					salami pork chop chuck. Swine pastrami ground round, sausage doner pork chop shank
					bresaola tongue. Corned beef tail ribeye doner drumstick strip steak shoulder jerky ground
					round leberkas pastrami sirloin ball tip. Tail tri-tip filet mignon jowl jerky salami,
					pork belly venison swine cupim drumstick flank. Venison ground round brisket, boudin
					tri-tip kevin porchetta flank pork loin hamburger shank rump ham hock.
				</p>
			</div>
			<aside data-ts="Aside" data-ts.title="Nested Aside" id="myaside">
				<div data-ts="Panel">
					<p>Aside content.</p>
				</div>
			</aside>
		</aside>
		<div data-ts="App">
			<div data-ts="Main">
				<aside data-ts="SideBar" id="local-before" data-ts.title="Local SideBar">
					<div data-ts="Panel">
						<p>
							Doner tenderloin beef alcatra pork beef ribs sausage jerky ground round kevin corned
							beef jowl prosciutto. Flank leberkas bresaola beef pork loin prosciutto brisket boudin
							capicola filet mignon drumstick turducken pork chuck. Tri-tip landjaeger pork loin,
							meatball turducken corned beef venison chicken pork cupim andouille ham hock. Turkey
							pork belly pig picanha frankfurter andouille, ball tip leberkas ground round ribeye
							jerky chicken meatloaf pork. Pastrami ground round filet mignon drumstick, pork loin
							biltong salami ham hock rump. Biltong flank pork loin, bacon shank shankle spare ribs
							drumstick beef shoulder meatloaf corned beef ground round t-bone fatback.
						</p>
					</div>
					<aside data-ts="Aside" data-ts.title="Nested Aside" id="myaside">
						<div data-ts="Panel">
							<p>Aside content.</p>
						</div>
					</aside>
				</aside>
				<div data-ts="Content">
					<div data-ts="Panel">
						<article>
							<h1>SideBar gallery</h1>
							<section>
								<p>
									Yes, you will need a big screen to witness all these SideBars in a single layout.
									But now that you have one, we can start adding all kinds of exotice features.
								</p>

								<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
									<script type="runnable">
										ts.ui.Header.buttons([
											{ label: 'Primary', type: 'ts-primary', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleup' },
											{ label: 'Secondary', type: 'ts-secondary', icon: 'ts-icon-triangledown' },
											{ label: 'Tertiary One', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleleft' },
											{ label: 'Tertiary Two', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleright' },
											{ label: 'Tertiary Three', icon: 'ts-icon-halt', onclick: () => {
												ts.ui.Header.buttons().clear();
											}}
										]);
									</script>
								</figure>

								<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
									<script type="runnable">
										ts.ui.Header.tabs([
											{ label: 'One' },
											{ label: 'Two' },
											{ label: 'Three' }
										]);
									</script>
								</figure>

								<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
									<script type="runnable">
										ts.ui.Header.search({
											info: 'Search amongst all the things',
											onsearch: function(value) {
												ts.ui.Notification.success(value || 'Search cleared');
											},
											buttons: [
												{
													label: "Let's Search",
													icon: 'ts-icon-search',
													onclick: function() {
														this.search.search();
													}
												}
											]
										});
									</script>
								</figure>

								<div data-ts="Board" id="tabboard">
									<ul data-ts="Panels">
										<li data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="Tabs">
											<p>Panel One</p>
										</li>
										<li data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="Nested tabs">
											<p>Panel Two</p>
											<div data-ts="Board">
												<div data-ts="Panel">
													<p>Nested box</p>
												</div>
											</div>
										</li>
										<li data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="Tabs in Aside">
											<p>Panel Three</p>
											<p>
												<button
													data-ts="Button"
													onclick="ts.ui.get('#myaside').open()"
													class="ts-primary"
												>
													<span>Open the Aside</span>
												</button>
											</p>
										</li>
									</ul>
								</div>

								<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
									<script type="runnable">
										ts.ui.Footer.pager({
											pages: 23,
											page: 0,
											onselect: function(index) {
												console.log(index);
											}
										});
									</script>
								</figure>

								<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
									<script type="runnable">
										ts.ui.Footer.buttons([
											{ label: 'Button 1', type: 'ts-primary' },
											{ label: 'Button 2', type: 'ts-secondary' },
											{ label: 'Button 3' },
											{ label: 'Button 4' },
											{ label: 'Button 5' }
										]);
									</script>
								</figure>

								<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
									<script type="runnable">
										ts.ui.Footer.buttons().splice(2, 0,
											{ label: 'Bonus Button', type: 'ts-secondary' }
										);
									</script>
								</figure>

								<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
									<script type="runnable">
										ts.ui.Footer.actions([
											{ label: 'Move Up', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleup' },
											{ label: 'Move Down', icon: 'ts-icon-triangledown' },
											{ label: 'Move Left', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleleft' },
											{ label: 'Move Right', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleright' },
											{ label: 'Don\'t Move', icon: 'ts-icon-halt' }
										]).status('Something is selected').checkbox({
											onclick: function() {
												this.checked = !this.checked;
											}
										});
									</script>
								</figure>

								<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
									<script type="runnable">
										ts.ui.Footer.configbutton(function onclick() {
											ts.ui.Notification.success('Go configure!');
										}).collabbutton(function onclick() {
											ts.ui.Notification.success('Go collaborate!');
										});
									</script>
								</figure>
							</section>
						</article>
					</div>
				</div>
				<aside data-ts="SideBar" id="local-after" data-ts.title="Local SideBar">
					<div data-ts="Panel">
						<p>
							Drumstick short ribs kielbasa hamburger. Pig short loin ground round pork chop, pork
							kevin boudin bacon salami turducken tongue picanha. Bresaola cupim tri-tip meatloaf
							sirloin jowl alcatra ball tip porchetta ground round chicken short ribs brisket
							shankle tenderloin. Leberkas brisket drumstick salami, chicken shankle short loin
							spare ribs doner boudin hamburger frankfurter shoulder tenderloin. Tri-tip cupim
							porchetta shoulder pork loin ground round turkey ham pig, ribeye meatball leberkas
							landjaeger.
						</p>
					</div>
					<aside data-ts="Aside" data-ts.title="Nested Aside" id="myaside">
						<div data-ts="Panel">
							<p>Aside content.</p>
						</div>
					</aside>
				</aside>
			</div>
		</div>

		<!--
		<footer data-ts="ToolBar" data-ts.title="ToolBar after MAIN"></footer>
		-->

		<aside data-ts="SideBar" id="sidebar-after" data-ts.title="Global SideBar">
			<div data-ts="Panels">
				<div data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="One">
					<div data-ts="Note">
						<i class="ts-icon-info"></i>
						<p>
							This is an <strong>undocumented</strong> type of SideBar that can be used for support,
							documentation, tutorals and so on.
						</p>
					</div>
					<p>
						Bacon ipsum dolor amet turducken leberkas fatback, porchetta cow shoulder kielbasa
						drumstick shank bacon pork chop turkey. Drumstick filet mignon pig t-bone porchetta
						jerky. Sirloin beef ribs ball tip chuck, pork loin rump tenderloin meatball short loin
						pig tri-tip swine. Jerky frankfurter capicola beef ribs venison corned beef cupim
						prosciutto. Sausage fatback shoulder, pork loin salami beef ribs hamburger kevin tri-tip
						tenderloin pig jerky ham hock ham. Filet mignon bresaola kevin biltong flank chuck
						sirloin swine beef rump cow. Hamburger t-bone landjaeger turkey doner fatback corned
						beef pastrami spare ribs tongue brisket tenderloin ball tip sirloin.
					</p>
				</div>
				<div data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="Two">
					<p>
						Bacon ipsum dolor amet turducken leberkas fatback, porchetta cow shoulder kielbasa
						drumstick shank bacon pork chop turkey. Drumstick filet mignon pig t-bone porchetta
						jerky. Sirloin beef ribs ball tip chuck, pork loin rump tenderloin meatball short loin
						pig tri-tip swine. Jerky frankfurter capicola beef ribs venison corned beef cupim
						prosciutto. Sausage fatback shoulder, pork loin salami beef ribs hamburger kevin tri-tip
						tenderloin pig jerky ham hock ham. Filet mignon bresaola kevin biltong flank chuck
						sirloin swine beef rump cow. Hamburger t-bone landjaeger turkey doner fatback corned
						beef pastrami spare ribs tongue brisket tenderloin ball tip sirloin.
					</p>
					<p>
						Doner tenderloin beef alcatra pork beef ribs sausage jerky ground round kevin corned
						beef jowl prosciutto. Flank leberkas bresaola beef pork loin prosciutto brisket boudin
						capicola filet mignon drumstick turducken pork chuck. Tri-tip landjaeger pork loin,
						meatball turducken corned beef venison chicken pork cupim andouille ham hock. Turkey
						pork belly pig picanha frankfurter andouille, ball tip leberkas ground round ribeye
						jerky chicken meatloaf pork. Pastrami ground round filet mignon drumstick, pork loin
						biltong salami ham hock rump. Biltong flank pork loin, bacon shank shankle spare ribs
						drumstick beef shoulder meatloaf corned beef ground round t-bone fatback.
					</p>
					<p>
						Turducken corned beef swine, filet mignon meatball pork prosciutto flank t-bone pork
						belly. Spare ribs tri-tip rump kevin pork loin fatback chicken shoulder pork belly, beef
						ribs ham hock. Ball tip beef ribs alcatra cow bacon short loin ground round kevin ham
						hock jerky leberkas tenderloin. Beef corned beef bresaola, sausage chuck alcatra
						kielbasa ribeye turkey salami short loin prosciutto. Ham porchetta shank, pork belly
						ribeye prosciutto turkey cupim pork. Fatback swine tenderloin boudin filet mignon. Tail
						fatback shoulder boudin.
					</p>
					<p>
						Drumstick short ribs kielbasa hamburger. Pig short loin ground round pork chop, pork
						kevin boudin bacon salami turducken tongue picanha. Bresaola cupim tri-tip meatloaf
						sirloin jowl alcatra ball tip porchetta ground round chicken short ribs brisket shankle
						tenderloin. Leberkas brisket drumstick salami, chicken shankle short loin spare ribs
						doner boudin hamburger frankfurter shoulder tenderloin. Tri-tip cupim porchetta shoulder
						pork loin ground round turkey ham pig, ribeye meatball leberkas landjaeger.
					</p>
					<p>
						Jowl salami turkey pork loin sirloin tri-tip turducken tongue beef leberkas pastrami.
						Flank tenderloin pork chop, meatloaf chuck andouille boudin shoulder sausage ribeye.
						Boudin porchetta short ribs ribeye pork chop chicken shankle picanha turkey brisket
						biltong andouille. Brisket strip steak cow, picanha porchetta boudin short loin. Turkey
						cupim tail short loin.
					</p>
					<p>
						Beef ribs tail tenderloin meatloaf corned beef leberkas short ribs alcatra pancetta
						drumstick. Sausage rump fatback boudin picanha ham hock, short ribs drumstick kielbasa.
						Beef andouille ribeye meatball tenderloin picanha ham hock shankle, fatback cow kielbasa
						boudin prosciutto bresaola short ribs. Turducken short ribs ground round tri-tip.
						Alcatra biltong brisket beef, pork t-bone boudin drumstick shank picanha cupim ham hock
						ribeye sausage.
					</p>
					<p>
						Swine strip steak shank cow, kielbasa tongue biltong bacon porchetta brisket. Salami
						flank filet mignon pork chop beef frankfurter prosciutto. Cow turkey prosciutto brisket,
						tail pork chop pork loin boudin drumstick tenderloin frankfurter pork meatloaf
						hamburger. Alcatra sirloin short ribs pork chop flank. Bacon t-bone boudin pork belly
						meatloaf, chicken shoulder chuck landjaeger.
					</p>
					<p>
						Meatloaf venison flank andouille tail. Drumstick biltong spare ribs chuck. T-bone
						drumstick hamburger shankle doner ball tip leberkas pork belly brisket pastrami chicken
						salami pork chop chuck. Swine pastrami ground round, sausage doner pork chop shank
						bresaola tongue. Corned beef tail ribeye doner drumstick strip steak shoulder jerky
						ground round leberkas pastrami sirloin ball tip. Tail tri-tip filet mignon jowl jerky
						salami, pork belly venison swine cupim drumstick flank. Venison ground round brisket,
						boudin tri-tip kevin porchetta flank pork loin hamburger shank rump ham hock.
					</p>
				</div>
			</div>
			<aside data-ts="Aside" data-ts.title="Nested Aside">
				<div data-ts="Panel">
					<p>Aside content.</p>
				</div>
			</aside>
			<!--
			<div data-ts="Footer">
				<p>Footer content. The button below is only relevant in <strong>mobile</strong> view.</p>
				<p>
					<button data-ts="Button" class="ts-tertiary" onclick="gui.get('sidebar-after').toggle()">
						<span>Toggle SideBar</span>
					</button>
				</p>
			</div>
			-->
		</aside>
	</body>
</html>
