<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
	<title>Page-level Components</title>
	<script src="tabs.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
<header data-ts="TopBar"></header>
<main data-ts="Main">
	<article>
		<h1>Page-level components</h1>
		<section class="desc">
			<p>These components will insert themselves into the DOM and generally don't come with an HTML API.</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<h3>
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/bars/topbar.html">TopBar</a>
			</h3>
			<p>Hello world.</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.TopBar.buttons([
						{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-primary'},
						{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-secondary'},
						{label: 'Button', onclick: function() {
							console.log('Clicked');
						}}
					]);
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
		<section>
			<h3>
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/bars/tabbar.html">Main TabBar</a>
			</h3>
			<p>Hello world.</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.TabBar.tabs([
						{label: 'Tab One'},
						{label: 'Tab Two'},
						{label: 'Tab Three', onselect: function() {
							console.log('Selected');
						}}
					]);
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
		<section>
			<h3>
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/bars/toolbar.html">Main ToolBar</a>
			</h3>
			<p>Hello world.</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.ToolBar.buttons([
						{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-primary'},
						{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-secondary'},
						{label: 'Button', onclick: function() {
							console.log('Clicked');
						}}
					]).search({
						info: 'Search amongst the things',
						onsearch: function(value) {
							console.log(value);
						}
					});;
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
		<section>
			<h3>
				<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/bars/statusbar.html">Main StatusBar</a>
			</h3>
			<p>Although the StatusBar can display status messages, it's perfectly alright to use it just to show some buttons. In that case, the difference from the Main ToolBar is simply that it positioned below the Main area.</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.StatusBar.buttons([
						{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-primary'},
						{label: 'Button', type: 'ts-secondary'},
						{label: 'Button', onclick: function() {
							console.log('Clicked');
						}}
					]).message('Hello World');
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
		<section>
			<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/datepicker/">
				<h3>DatePicker</h3>
			</a>
			<p>A easy way to select dates.</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.DatePicker({
						title: "Your Birthday",
						value: '1984-05-23',
						min: '1984-01-01',
						max: '1985-12-24',
						onselect: function(date) {
							ts.ui.Notification.success(date + ' selected');
							this.close();
						},
						onclosed: function() {
							this.dispose();
						}
					}).open();
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
		<section>
			<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/dialogs/">
				<h3>Dialog</h3>
			</a>
			<p>
				Get the user's complete attention.
			</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.Dialog.confirm(
						'Show the Warning dialog?',
						'Show It',
						'Nope',
						{
						onaccept: function() {
							ts.ui.Dialog.warning(
								'Show the Danger dialog?',
								'Of Course',
								{
								onaccept: function() {
									ts.ui.Dialog.danger(
										'That could be dangerous.',
										'Got it'
									);
								}
							});
						},
					});
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
		<section>
			<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/notifications/">
				<h3>Notification</h3>
			</a>
			<p>Quick popups after some action.</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.Notification.info('Information');
					ts.ui.Notification.warning('*Warning* Warning *Warning*');
					ts.ui.Notification.error('**General** Protection **Fault**');
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
		<section>
			<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/note/">
				<h3>Note</h3>
			</a>
			<p>A nice way to inform the user about something in general. This is <strong>not</strong> for status messages! Note that the Note attaches to the top of the page, so you will have to scroll.</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.Note({
						icon: 'ts-icon-heart',
						text: 'This page explains how to use the Note component with some nice examples.',
						onclose: function() {
							ts.ui.Notification.success('The Note is gone...');
						}
					});
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
		<section>
			<a data-ts="Button" href="/docs/#components/usercards/">
				<h3>UserCard</h3>
			</a>
			<p>Show details about a user.</p>
			<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
				<script type="runnable">
					ts.ui.UserCard({
						id: '6bf17754-f9de-4e31-aa31-bd3ff765b9c2',
						data: {
							name: 'Wired Earp',
							image: '../usercards/assets/wiredearp.png',
							title: 'EDB Programmer',
							role: 'Gentleman Spy',
							email: 'jmo@tradeshift.com',
							company: 'Tradeshift',
							companyUrl: 'http://tradeshift.com/'
						}
					}).open();
				</script>
			</figure>
		</section>
	</article>
</main>
</body>
</html>
