<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Footer Collaboration</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header data-ts="TopBar"></header>
		<main data-ts="Main">
			<article>
				<h1>Footer collabbutton</h1>
				<section>

					<p>The Footer features a special button which is dedicated to launching the <em>collaboration</em> panel. To show the button, call <code>collabbutton</code> with a onclick method and a callback.</p>

					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="runnable">
							ts.ui.Footer.collabbutton({
								onclick: function() {
									ts.ui.Notification.success('Go collaborate!');
								}
							});
						</script>
					</figure>

					<h3>Showing a notification badge</h3>
					<p>The collaboration button can have two states: a default state and a state showing a notification badge. The default state shows just the special button. The notification state shows the special button as well as a small notification badge over the icon. To show the button with the notification state, call the method with the onclick property and a callback, as show above, and also a badge property set to true.</p>

					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="runnable">
							ts.ui.Footer.collabbutton({
								badge: true,
								onclick: function() {
									ts.ui.Notification.success('Go collaborate!');
								}
							});
						</script>
					</figure>

					<p>Note that the Footer doesn't automatically initialize or resume the collbaroration. The API for this will be provided elsewhere. You can hide the collaboration button by passing <code>null</code> to the same method.</p>

					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="runnable">
							ts.ui.Footer.collabbutton(null);
						</script>
					</figure>

					<div data-ts="DoxApi">
						<script type="application/json">
							{
								"name": "ts.ui.Footer",
								"methods": [
									{
										"name": "collabbutton",
										"args": "(<Object|null>)",
										"desc": "Get or set the collaboration button. Pass `null` to remove the whole button."
									}
								]
							}
						</script>
					</div>
					

					<div data-ts="DoxApi">
						<script type="application/json">
							{
								"name": "ts.ui.Footer.collabbutton",
								"properties": [
									{
										"name": "badge",
										"type": "boolean",
										"desc": "Show the button with a badge."
									}
								],
								"methods": [
									{
										"name": "onclick",
										"args": "(Function)",
										"desc": "Get or set the collaboration button."
									}
								]
							}
						</script>
					</div>
					
				</section>
			</article>
		</main>
	</body>
<html>
