<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Footer Gallery</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
		<style>
			section:not(.desc) > p > strong {
				background-color: rgb(225, 225, 225);
				font-weight: 600;
				border-radius: 100%;
				padding: 0 0.43em;
				margin-right: 0.25em;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<h1>Footer gallery</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					Here you can test how the Footer behaves when you enable
					<strong>all</strong> the features.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<p><strong>1</strong> Add a pager.</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript" class="attention">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Footer.pager({
							pages: 23,
							page: 0,
							onselect: function(index) {
								console.log(index);
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>

				<p><strong>2</strong> Add some buttons.</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Footer.buttons([
							{ label: 'Button 1', type: 'ts-primary' },
							{ label: 'Button 2', type: 'ts-secondary' },
							{ label: 'Button 3' },
							{ label: 'Button 4' },
							{ label: 'Button 5' }
						]);
					</script>
				</figure>

				<p>
					<strong>3</strong> Add more buttons until they crash into the Pager. Behold the second
					toolbar.
				</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Footer.buttons().splice(2, 0,
							{ label: 'Bonus Button', type: 'ts-secondary' }
						);
					</script>
				</figure>

				<p><strong>4</strong> The actions will appear in yet another toolbar. That's right.</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Footer.actions([
							{ label: 'Move Up', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleup' },
							{ label: 'Move Down', icon: 'ts-icon-triangledown' },
							{ label: 'Move Left', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleleft' },
							{ label: 'Move Right', icon: 'ts-icon-triangleright' },
							{ label: 'Don\'t Move', icon: 'ts-icon-halt' }
						]).status('Something is selected').checkbox({
							onclick: function() {
								this.checked = !this.checked;
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>

				<p><strong>5</strong> Finally add the configuration and collaboration buttons.</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Footer.configbutton(function onclick() {
							ts.ui.Notification.success('Go configure!');
						}).collabbutton(function onclick() {
							ts.ui.Notification.success('Go collaborate!');
						});
					</script>
				</figure>

				<p>
					With the Footer fully equipped, we can try to hide and destroy these things again.
				</p>

				<h3>Hide something (or everything)</h3>

				<p>
					If you need to temporarily hide a single Footer member, you can call the associated method
					without any arguments to get a hold of the thing and then call the <code>hide</code> and
					<code>show</code> methods. You can also toggle the <code>visible</code> property.
				</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var thing, pause = action => setTimeout(action, 500);
						(function toggle(things) {
							if(things.length) {
								if((thing = things.shift())) {
									thing.hide();
									pause(() => {
										thing.show()
										pause(() => {
											toggle(things);
										});
									});
								} else {
									toggle(things);
								}
							}
						})([
							ts.ui.Footer.buttons(),
							ts.ui.Footer.actions(),
							ts.ui.Footer.pager(),
							ts.ui.Footer.checkbox(),
							ts.ui.Footer.collabbutton(),
							ts.ui.Footer.configbutton()
						]);
					</script>
				</figure>

				<p>
					Remember that the hidden thing <em>remains hidden</em> until you show it again. You can of
					course also <code>show</code> and <code>hide</code> the whole Footer. Again note that it
					will <em>remain hidden</em>.
				</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Footer.hide();
						setTimeout(() => {
							ts.ui.Footer.show();
						}, 500);
					</script>
				</figure>

				<h3>Clear something (or everything)</h3>

				<p>
					If you are sure that you won't need to show a configured Footer member again at some point
					in the future, it is advised that you completely destroy it instead of just hide it. You
					can do this by passing
					<code>null</code> to the associated method.
				</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						(function destructive(actions) {
							actions.shift()();
							if(actions.length) {
								setTimeout(() => destructive(actions), 500);
							}
						})([
							() => ts.ui.Footer.pager(null),
							() => ts.ui.Footer.status(null),
							() => ts.ui.Footer.checkbox(null),
							() => ts.ui.Footer.buttons(null),
							() => ts.ui.Footer.actions(null),
							() => ts.ui.Footer.collabbutton(null),
							() => ts.ui.Footer.configbutton(null),
						]);
					</script>
				</figure>

				<p>
					You can of course also just <code>clear</code> everything and the Footer will
					automatically hide.
				</p>

				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Footer.clear();
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
	<html></html>
</html>
