<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Modal</title>
		<meta name="robots" content="noindex"/>
		<script>
			ts.ui.ready(function() { // TODO: build this stuff into the APITable!
				var method;
				ts.ui.get('html').action.add('ts-action-safe-link', {
					onaction: function(a) {
						if((method = ts.ui.ToolBar[a.data])) {
							method.call(ts.ui.ToolBar);
						}
					}
				})
			});
			function spinner() {
				var modal = ts.ui.get('#example4')
				function load(page) {
					modal.spin();
					setTimeout(function throttle() {
						$.get(page, function(html) {
							modal.html(html).stop();
						});
					}, 200);
				}
				modal.tabs([
					{label: 'Page One', onselect: function() {
						load('page1.html');
					}},
					{label: 'Page Two',  onselect: function() {
						load('page2.html');
					}},
				]).open();
			}
		</script>
	</head>
	<body>
		<header data-ts="TopBar"></header>
		<main data-ts="Main">
			<article id="panel1">
				<h1>Modal</h1>
				<section class="desc" data-ts="Note">
					<p>The fullscreen Modal can be used for stuff that doesn't really work in an <a data-ts="Button" href="#components/asides/">Aside</a>. Note that this component is in development, the design and APIs may change.</p>
				</section>
				<section>
					<p>The <val>Modal</val> component <em>must</em> be created with a child component <val>Panel</val>.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
						<script type="text/html">
							<dialog data-ts="Modal">
								<div data-ts="Panel">
									<p>Modal content.</p>
								</div>
							</dialog>
						</script>
					</figure>
					<p>You can create the <val>Modal</val> wherever you like, just make sure that it's positioned outside of the <val>Main</val> element when it opens.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
						<script type="text/html">
							<main data-ts="Main">
								<p>Main content.</p>
							</main>
							<dialog data-ts="Modal" data-ts.title="Example Modal">
								<div data-ts="Panel">
									<p>Modal content.</p>
								</div>
							</dialog>
						</script>
					</figure>
				</section>

				<section>
					<h3>Title and layout</h3>
					<p>The <att>data-ts.title</att> attribute configures the Modal title. You can also choose to add a <val>Main</val> element to center the content.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
						<script type="text/html">
							<dialog data-ts="Modal" id="example1">
								<div data-ts="Panel">
									<main data-ts="Main">
										<h1>A Modal Example</h1>
										<p>…</p>
										<p>
											<button onclick="ts.ui.get('#example1').close()" class="ts-primary">
												<span>Close the Modal</span>
											</button>
										</p>
									</main>
								</div>
							</dialog>
						</script>
					</figure>
					<p>Let's see how that looks. To open the Modal, you can either set the <att>data-ts.open</att> attribute to <val>true</val> (using jQuery or something like that) or you can use the following API.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxScript" class="attention">
						<script type="runnable">
							ts.ui.get('#example1').open(); // you can pass an element instead of an ID
						</script>
					</figure>
				</section>

				<section>
					<h3>Adding some buttons</h3>
					<p>Buttons can be added as part of the content, but some Modals work better when the buttons are presented in a fixed StatusBar, for example when there is a lot of content (and scrolling). These buttons can be added using the API we know from the <a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/bars/toolbar.html">ToolBar</a>.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.get('#example2', modal => {
							modal.buttons([{
								label: 'Close the Modal',
								type: 'ts-primary',
								onclick: function() {
									modal.close();
								}
							}]).open();
						});
						</script>
					</figure>
					<div data-ts="Note">
						<i class="ts-icon-todo"></i>
						<p>TODO: Enable keyboard focus in the Modal StatusBar.</p>
					</div>
					<section>
						<object data="../bars/topbar.xhtml#buttons-api">
							<replace input="TopBar" output="TabBar"/>
						</object>
					</section>
				</section>

				<section>
					<h3>Adding some tabs</h3>
					<p>There's two ways to add tabs and one of them is likely to fit your workflow. First, we will add some tabs to the example modal using the API we know from the <a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/bars/tabbar.html">TabBar</a>.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.get('#example1', modal => {
							modal.tabs([
								{label: 'One'},
								{label: 'Two'},
								{label: 'Three', onselect: function() {
									console.log('Tab three selected!');
								}},
							]).open();
						});
						</script>
					</figure>
					<p>The tabs don"t do anything by default, so what happens at <code>onselect</code> is completely up to you. If you decice to go with this approach, you should make sure to read the section on <a href="#busy-and-done">busy and done</a> further down the page.</p>
					<p>The alternative approach is to declare multiple <val>Panel</val> elements with a <att>data-ts.label</att> attribute and this will generate the tabs automatically as seen in <a data-ts="Button" onclick="ts.ui.get('#example3').open()">this example</a>.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
						<script type="text/html">
							<dialog data-ts="Modal">
								<div data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="Details">
									<main data-ts="Main">…</main>
								</div>
								<div data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="More Details">
									<main data-ts="Main">…</main>
								</div>
							</dialog>
						</script>
					</figure>
					<p>Note that even if the tabs are automatically generated via <val>Panel</val> elements, it is still possible to manipulate the tabs programatically.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="text/plain">
							ts.ui.get('#mymodal', modal => {
								var tabs = modal.tabs();
								tabs[0].select();
								tabs.reverse();
							});
						</script>
					</figure>
					<section>
						<object data="../bars/topbar.xhtml#tabs-api">
							<replace input="TopBar" output="TabBar"/>
						</object>
					</section>
				</section>
				<section id="busy-and-done">
					<h3>Busy and done</h3>
					<p>If you are loading the Modal tabs incrementally (so that the content is not hardcoded inside <val>Panels</val>), you may want to mark the Modal as <code>busy()</code> and <code>done()</code> to hide the content while loading. Importantly, if you are using <val>Main</val> to center the content, this will also instruct the Modal to center the the newly loaded content all over again.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="runnable">
							ts.ui.get('#example4', modal => {
								function load(page) {
									modal.busy();
									setTimeout(function throttle() {
										$.get(page, function(html) {
											modal.html(html).done();
										});
									}, 200);
								}
								modal.tabs([
									{label: 'Page One', onselect: function() {
										load('page1.html');
									}},
									{label: 'Page Two',  onselect: function() {
										load('page2.html');
									}},
								]).open();
							});
						</script>
					</figure>
					<p>Note that you can also call <code>modal.reflex()</code> to center the <val>Main</val> at any point in time.</p>
				</section>

				<section>
					<h3>Showing a spinner</h3>
					<p>If you expect the server to respond particularly slowly today, you can also use the equivalent methods <code>spin()</code> and <code>stop()</code> to <a onclick="spinner()">display a spinner</a> while loading.</p>
				</section>

				
				<section>
					<h3>Tracking the state</h3>
					<p>You can implement the methods <code>onopen</code>, <code>onopened</code>, <code>onclose</code> and <code>onclosed</code> to do something whenever the Modal changes state.

					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script>
							ts.ui.get(myelement, modal => {
								Object.assign(modal, {
									onopen: () => console.log('Will open'),
									onopened: () => console.log('Did open'),
									onclose: () => console.log('Will close'),
									onclosed: () => console.log('Did close')
								});
							});
						</script>
					</figure>
					<p>If you return <code>false</code> in methods <code>onopen</code> and <code>onclose</code>, the Modal will respect that. You can also setup inline callbacks to be invoked when the Modal changes state.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
						<script type="text/html">
							<dialog data-ts="Modal"
								data-ts.onopen="console.log('Will open')"
								data-ts.onopened="console.log('Did open')"
								data-ts.onclose="console.log('Will close')"
								data-ts.onclosed="console.log('Did close')">
								<div data-ts="Panel">
									<p>Modal content.</p>
								</div>
							</dialog>
						</script>
					</figure>
					<div data-ts="Note">
						<i class="ts-icon-warning"></i>
						<p>The inline event listeners as shown above will simply not work with any sensible <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP" target="_blank">Content Security Policy</a> enabled. Use instead aforementioned JavaScript API.</p>
					</div>
					<p>Finally, you can also track the state with some custom DOM events if you like.</p>
					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script>
							function debug(e) {
								console.log(e.type, e.target);
							}
							document.addEventListener('ts-open', debug);
							document.addEventListener('ts-opened', debug);
							document.addEventListener('ts-close', debug);
							document.addEventListener('ts-closed', debug);
						</script>
					</figure>
					<p>The events <code>ts-open</code> and <code>ts-close</code> can  be blocked with <code>e.preventDefault()</code> to prevent the Modal from changing state.</p>
				</section>

				<section>
					<p>Here's finally an overview of the Modal API.</p>
					<div data-ts="DoxApi">
						<script type="application/json">
							{
								name: "ts.ui.ModalSpirit",
								methods: [
									{
										name: "tabs",
										args: "(array)",
										desc: "Get or set the tabs."
									},
									{
										name: "buttons",
										args: "(array)",
										desc: "Get or set the buttons."
									},
									{
										name: "title",
										args: "(array)",
										desc: "Get or set the title."
									},
									{
										name: "open",
										desc: "Open the Modal."
									},
									{
										name: "close",
										desc: "Close the Modal."
									},
									{
										name: "busy",
										desc: "Hide the content (while loading new content)."
									},
									{
										name: "done",
										desc: "Show the content."
									},
									{
										name: "spin",
										desc: "Hide the content while showing a spinner."
									},
									{
										name: "stop",
										desc: "Stop that spinner and show the content."
									},
									{
										name: "status",
										args: "string",
										desc: "Show a message in the StatusBar."
									},
									{
										name: "pager",
										args: "object",
										desc: "Get or set the [Pager](/#components/pager/) in the StatusBar."
									},
									{
										name: "reflex",
										desc: "Run JS based layout, usually to center the `Main` vertically."
									},
									{
										name: "onopen",
										desc: "Called when the Modal is about to open"
									},
									{
										name: "onopened",
										desc: "Called when the Modal is fully opened (animation done)"
									},
									{
										name: "onclose",
										desc: "Called when the Modal is about to closed"
									},
									{
										name: "onclosed",
										desc: "Called when the Modal is fully closed (animation done)"
									}
								]
							}
						</script>
					<div>
				</section>
			</article>
		</main>

		<!-- Modals ............................................................. -->

		<dialog data-ts="Modal" id="example1" data-ts.title="Example Modal">
			<div data-ts="Panel">
				<main data-ts="Main">
					<h1>A Modal Example</h1>
					<div data-ts="Note">
						<i class="ts-icon-info"></i>
						<p>The suggested "modal layout" markup structure and CSS has not been finalized yet.</p>
					</div>
					<p>Modal ipsum dolor amet jerky sausage pork belly tenderloin burgdoggen kevin prosciutto beef ribs shoulder tri-tip salami ribeye turducken rump. Rump prosciutto ham, kevin picanha drumstick chuck pork chop. Short ribs tail shank, alcatra kevin spare ribs meatloaf beef. Pork loin salami flank andouille prosciutto chuck bresaola sirloin ribeye. Bacon picanha salami filet mignon capicola beef ribs. Venison jowl meatloaf jerky porchetta, brisket shank picanha.</p>
					<p>
						<button onclick="ts.ui.get('#example1').close()" data-ts="Button" class="ts-primary">
							<span>Close the Modal</span>
						</button>
					</p>
				</main>
			</div>
		</dialog>

		<dialog data-ts="Modal" id="example2" data-ts.title="Example Modal">
			<div data-ts="Panel">
				<main data-ts="Main">
					<h1>A Modal Example</h1>
					<p>Bacon ipsum dolor amet jerky sausage pork belly tenderloin burgdoggen kevin prosciutto beef ribs shoulder tri-tip salami ribeye turducken rump. Rump prosciutto ham, kevin picanha drumstick chuck pork chop. Short ribs tail shank, alcatra kevin spare ribs meatloaf beef. Pork loin salami flank andouille prosciutto chuck bresaola sirloin ribeye. Bacon picanha salami filet mignon capicola beef ribs. Venison jowl meatloaf jerky porchetta, brisket shank picanha drumstick capicola frankfurter.</p>
				</main>
			</div>
		</dialog>

		<dialog data-ts="Modal" id="example3" data-ts.title="Example Tabs">
			<div data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="Details">
				<main data-ts="Main">
					<h1>User details</h1>
					<form data-ts="Form">
						<fieldset>
							<label>
								<span>Real name</span>
								<input/>
							</label>
						</fieldset>
						<fieldset>
							<label>
								<span>Username</span>
								<input/>
							</label>
						</fieldset>
					</form>
				</main>
			</div>
			<div data-ts="Panel" data-ts.label="More Details">
				<main data-ts="Main">
					<h1>More details</h1>
					<form data-ts="Form">
						<fieldset>
							<label>
								<span>Age</span>
								<input type="number"/>
							</label>
						</fieldset>
						<fieldset>
							<label>
								<span>Occupation</span>
								<select>
									<option value="a" selected>Developer</option>
									<option value="b">Designer</option>
									<option value="c">Manager</option>
								</select>
							</label>
						</fieldset>
					</form>
				</main>
			</div>
		</dialog>

		<dialog data-ts="Modal" id="example4" data-ts.title="Busy Modal">
			<div data-ts="Panel">
				<div data-ts="Main"></div>
			</div>
		</dialog>

					<!--
					<p>Bacon ipsum dolor amet jerky sausage pork belly tenderloin burgdoggen kevin prosciutto beef ribs shoulder tri-tip salami ribeye turducken rump. Rump prosciutto ham, kevin picanha drumstick chuck pork chop. Short ribs tail shank, alcatra kevin spare ribs meatloaf beef. Pork loin salami flank andouille prosciutto chuck bresaola sirloin ribeye. Bacon picanha salami filet mignon capicola beef ribs. Venison jowl meatloaf jerky porchetta, brisket shank picanha drumstick capicola frankfurter tail chuck sausage.</p>

					<p>Jowl ground round corned beef ham hock. Picanha cow porchetta, pork belly tri-tip pork ribeye ham hock kielbasa sausage boudin fatback venison short ribs. Strip steak bresaola pastrami sausage andouille frankfurter. Shankle hamburger turkey salami alcatra meatball. Venison rump tail bacon ball tip sirloin spare ribs. Fatback picanha venison rump. Beef ribs short ribs ball tip, hamburger bacon leberkas ham hock burgdoggen meatball venison rump pork loin tenderloin tri-tip bresaola.</p>

					<p>Pig turkey tail, swine frankfurter venison capicola shank salami pork loin. Pork belly beef turkey sausage, tongue jowl ground round leberkas brisket strip steak. Tenderloin shoulder pork ground round drumstick burgdoggen, chuck kielbasa jowl meatball turducken short loin andouille. Andouille kevin shoulder, alcatra shankle short loin bacon. Ham hock tail chuck pork belly, swine kielbasa bresaola. Jowl flank cow, tenderloin salami filet mignon picanha beef ribs.</p>

					<p>Cupim t-bone jerky brisket biltong pancetta. Hamburger biltong pig drumstick. Fatback rump ball tip beef turkey pork loin. Pancetta beef ribs tri-tip short ribs short loin, porchetta ham chuck pastrami flank leberkas tenderloin. Chicken sausage cow tri-tip, burgdoggen chuck shank ribeye porchetta andouille swine turducken pork chop pastrami beef.</p>
					<p>Bacon ipsum dolor amet jerky sausage pork belly tenderloin burgdoggen kevin prosciutto beef ribs shoulder tri-tip salami ribeye turducken rump. Rump prosciutto ham, kevin picanha drumstick chuck pork chop. Short ribs tail shank, alcatra kevin spare ribs meatloaf beef. Pork loin salami flank andouille prosciutto chuck bresaola sirloin ribeye. Bacon picanha salami filet mignon capicola beef ribs. Venison jowl meatloaf jerky porchetta, brisket shank picanha drumstick capicola frankfurter tail chuck sausage.</p>

					<p>Jowl ground round corned beef ham hock. Picanha cow porchetta, pork belly tri-tip pork ribeye ham hock kielbasa sausage boudin fatback venison short ribs. Strip steak bresaola pastrami sausage andouille frankfurter. Shankle hamburger turkey salami alcatra meatball. Venison rump tail bacon ball tip sirloin spare ribs. Fatback picanha venison rump. Beef ribs short ribs ball tip, hamburger bacon leberkas ham hock burgdoggen meatball venison rump pork loin tenderloin tri-tip bresaola.</p>

					<p>Pig turkey tail, swine frankfurter venison capicola shank salami pork loin. Pork belly beef turkey sausage, tongue jowl ground round leberkas brisket strip steak. Tenderloin shoulder pork ground round drumstick burgdoggen, chuck kielbasa jowl meatball turducken short loin andouille. Andouille kevin shoulder, alcatra shankle short loin bacon. Ham hock tail chuck pork belly, swine kielbasa bresaola. Jowl flank cow, tenderloin salami filet mignon picanha beef ribs.</p>

					<p>Cupim t-bone jerky brisket biltong pancetta. Hamburger biltong pig drumstick. Fatback rump ball tip beef turkey pork loin. Pancetta beef ribs tri-tip short ribs short loin, porchetta ham chuck pastrami flank leberkas tenderloin. Chicken sausage cow tri-tip, burgdoggen chuck shank ribeye porchetta andouille swine turducken pork chop pastrami beef.</p>
					<p>Bacon ipsum dolor amet jerky sausage pork belly tenderloin burgdoggen kevin prosciutto beef ribs shoulder tri-tip salami ribeye turducken rump. Rump prosciutto ham, kevin picanha drumstick chuck pork chop. Short ribs tail shank, alcatra kevin spare ribs meatloaf beef. Pork loin salami flank andouille prosciutto chuck bresaola sirloin ribeye. Bacon picanha salami filet mignon capicola beef ribs. Venison jowl meatloaf jerky porchetta, brisket shank picanha drumstick capicola frankfurter tail chuck sausage.</p>

					<p>Jowl ground round corned beef ham hock. Picanha cow porchetta, pork belly tri-tip pork ribeye ham hock kielbasa sausage boudin fatback venison short ribs. Strip steak bresaola pastrami sausage andouille frankfurter. Shankle hamburger turkey salami alcatra meatball. Venison rump tail bacon ball tip sirloin spare ribs. Fatback picanha venison rump. Beef ribs short ribs ball tip, hamburger bacon leberkas ham hock burgdoggen meatball venison rump pork loin tenderloin tri-tip bresaola.</p>

					<p>Pig turkey tail, swine frankfurter venison capicola shank salami pork loin. Pork belly beef turkey sausage, tongue jowl ground round leberkas brisket strip steak. Tenderloin shoulder pork ground round drumstick burgdoggen, chuck kielbasa jowl meatball turducken short loin andouille. Andouille kevin shoulder, alcatra shankle short loin bacon. Ham hock tail chuck pork belly, swine kielbasa bresaola. Jowl flank cow, tenderloin salami filet mignon picanha beef ribs.</p>

					<p>Cupim t-bone jerky brisket biltong pancetta. Hamburger biltong pig drumstick. Fatback rump ball tip beef turkey pork loin. Pancetta beef ribs tri-tip short ribs short loin, porchetta ham chuck pastrami flank leberkas tenderloin. Chicken sausage cow tri-tip, burgdoggen chuck shank ribeye porchetta andouille swine turducken pork chop pastrami beef.</p>
					-->
		
	</body>
</html>
