<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Note</title>
		<script>
			function toggle(/*...selectors*/) {
				Array.forEach(arguments, function(selector) {
					ts.ui.get(selector).toggle();
				});
			}

			$(window).click(function(e) {
				if (e.target.classList.contains('ts-secondary')) return;

				if (ts.ui.Note._model) {
					if (!e.target.classList.contains('ts-tertiary')) return;
					ts.ui.Notification.warning(
						'Please close the current Note before executing this example.'
					);
				}
			});
		</script>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<h1>Note</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					You can use the Note to give information to the user about the whole page or a section of
					the page. The Note should however not be used to display errors or warning messages,
					please use the
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/notifications/">Notification</a>
					for that.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<p>
					To explain to the user what the page is about, you can show a Note at the top. Note that
					there should never be more than one page-level Note!
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Note({
							icon: 'ts-icon-heart',
							text: 'This page explains how to use the Note component with some nice examples.',
							onclose: function() {
								ts.ui.Notification.success('The Note is gone...');
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You can add buttons to the Note. If you save a reference to the Note, you can close it
					with any button.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var note = ts.ui.Note({
							buttons: [{
								label: 'Button',
								type: 'ts-primary',
								onclick: function() {
									note.close();
								}
							}]
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You can also add some links via Markdown. When a link is clicked, the URL will be passed
					along to the <code>onlink</code> method. As you can see below, the URL can be just a key,
					it doesn't have to be real URL.
					<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
						<script type="runnable">
							ts.ui.Note({
								text: 'Choose link [one](ONE) or [two](TWO) or [three](THREE).',
								onlink: function(url) {
									ts.ui.Notification.success(url);
									this.close();
								}
							});
						</script>
					</figure>
				</p>

				<p>
					If the link should indeed link to something, make sure to provide the full protocol
					<code>http(s)://</code>. Notes should not be used for internal navigation, at least not
					yet.
				</p>
				<p>
					You can use an <em>inline</em> Note to give information about a certain section of the
					page. Only the page-level Note is closeable while inline Notes should stay on the page
					with the content.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
					<output />
					<script type="text/html">
						<div data-ts="Note">
							<i class="ts-icon-heart"></i>
							<p>You love the Note!</p>
						</div>
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>Note without icon using simple HTML:</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
					<output />
					<script type="text/html">
						<div data-ts="Note">
							<p>This is the iconless Note!</p>
						</div>
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>Inline Note with closeable function</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
					<output />
					<script type="text/html">
						<div data-ts="Note" data-ts.closeable="true">
							<p>This is the closeable inline Note!</p>
						</div>
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					The Note will wrap to multiple lines if there's a lot of content inside.
				</p>
				<div data-ts="Note">
					<i class="ts-icon-followed"></i>
					<p>
						Arcane spell failure charm domain cover dragon type enemy experience points versus
						Tradeshift family domain fighter and hardness hit die initiative check intelligence
						melee attack roll miniature figure movement modes. Party planning domain point of origin
						powerful charge ray regeneration rogue special quality speed take 20 touch attack
						turned. Five-foot step ability class feature domain dying level luck domain negate
						ranged touch attack result speed surprise target total concealment unarmed strike. Armor
						class base save bonus check conjuration divine spell falling objects fly law domain
						school of Tradeshift shield bonus threatened square war domain. Ability damage acid
						effects burrow chaos domain class feature darkvision full-round action glamer subschool
						good subtype improved evasion incorporeal subtype ocean domain platinum piece size
						modifier
					</p>
				</div>
				<p>
					You can use a Note in an
					<a data-ts="Button" onclick="toggle('#myaside');">Aside</a> or a SideBar, if you put the
					inline note as the first child of the ts-panel.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
					<script type="text/html">
						<aside data-ts="Aside">
							<div data-ts="Panel">
								<div data-ts="Note">
									<i class="ts-icon-heart" ></i>
									<p>Note in the Aside!</p>
								</div>
							</div>
						</aside>
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
		</article>
		<aside data-ts="Aside" id="myaside" data-ts.title="Note in Aside">
			<div data-ts="Panel">
				<div data-ts="Note">
					<i class="ts-icon-heart"></i>
					<p>Note in the Aside!</p>
				</div>
			</div>
		</aside>
	</body>
	<html></html>
</html>
