<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Notification</title>
		<script>
			// Setup to quicktest the markdown parser

			var TESTMARKDOWN = [
				'# Headers',
				'Paragraphs with **strong text**.\n', // becomes double newline
				'Paragraphs with *italic text*.\n',
				'Paragraphs with `source code`.\n',
				'## links',
				'This is [a link](http://www.tradeshift.com)',
				'## Unordered lists',
				'* One',
				'* Two',
				'  * Two 1',
				'  * Two 2',
				'## Ordered lists',
				'1. One',
				'2. Two',
				'  1. Two 1',
				'  2. Two 2'
			].join('\n');

			if (false) {
				setTimeout(function() {
					(function testit(model) {
						var html = model.render();
						document.querySelector('article').innerHTML = html;
						console.log(html);
					})(
						new ts.ui.TextModel({
							html: ts.ui.TextModel.HTML,
							text: TESTMARKDOWN
						})
					);
				}, 500);
			}
		</script>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<h1>Notification</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					Simple modals for providing users with notifications much like the JavaScript
					<code>alert()</code> method. Basic markdown may be used for links and formatting.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<p>The <code>success</code> notification demands no user interaction.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Notification.success('You did it!');
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					The <code>info</code>, <code>warning</code> and <code>error</code> notification must be
					accepted by the user.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Notification.info('You can do it.');
						ts.ui.Notification.warning('You will fail.');
						ts.ui.Notification.error('You are wrong.');
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>An optional second argument specifies the button text.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Notification.warning('Beware', 'Understood');
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You can configure a callback for when the Notification gets accepted.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Notification.info('You must accept it.', {
							onaccept: function() {
								ts.ui.Notification.success('We knew you would.');
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>Notifications support basic markdown for formatting and links.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
					<script type="text/html">
						Markdown for **bold text** and *italic text* and `source code`
						Markdown for a [hyperlink](http://www.example.com/)
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					When a link is clicked, the URL will be passed along to the
					<code>onlink</code> method. As you can see below, the URL can be just a key, it doesn't
					have to be real URL.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var text = 'Choose link [one](ONE) or [two](TWO) or [three](THREE).';
						ts.ui.Notification.info(text, {
							onlink: function(url) {
								this.accept().then(function onfadeout() {
									ts.ui.Notification.success(url);
								});
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					If the link should indeed link to something, make sure to provide the full protocol
					<code>http(s)://</code>
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Notification.info(
							'Please visit [Tradeshift](http://www.tradeshift.com)'
						);
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					Note that all links will open in a new tab (or window, depending on the browser settings),
					so you should not use links in Notifications for internal navigation, at least not just
					yet.
				</p>
				<p>
					You can config those callbacks for Notification. such as <code>onopen</code>,
					<code>onopened</code> , <code>onclose</code>, <code>onclosed</code>.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Notification.success('You did it!', {
							onopen: function() {
								console.log('The Notification is going to open!');
							},
							onopened: function() {
								console.log('The Notification is opened!');
							},
							onclose: function() {
								console.log('The Notification is going to close!');
							},
							onclosed: function() {
								console.log('The Notification is closed!');
							},
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
