<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Table Edit</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body class="nosticky">
		<article>
			<h1>Editing the cells</h1>
			<section>
				<p>We can make the Table <code>editable</code> with a callback that fires on change.</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								ts.ui.get('#table1', table => {
									table.rows([
										['Single asterisks is used for *italic text*'],
										['Double asterisks is used for **strong text**'],
										['Single backtick is used for `monotype text`'],
										['Double tilde can be used to ~~Strike text~~']
									]).editable(function onedit(rowindex, cellindex, value) {
										console.log('Send to backend: ' + value);
										table.cell(rowindex, cellindex, value);
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table1"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					All cells are assumed editable unless negated in the column definition.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								ts.ui.get('#table6', table => {
									table.cols([
										{label: 'Edit'},
										{label: 'Edit'},
										{label: 'Don\'t edit!', editable: false}
									]).rows([
										['V', 'V', 'X']
									]).editable(function onedit(ri, ci, value) {
										this.cell(ri, ci, value);
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table6"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					If you switch to verbose syntax, you can also disable editing per row.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								ts.ui.get('#table7', table => {
									table.rows([
										{ cells: ['X', 'X', 'X'], editable: false},
										{ cells: ['V', 'V', 'V']},
										{ cells: ['V', 'V', 'V']}
									]).editable(function onedit(ri, ci, value) {
										this.cell(ri, ci, value);
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table7"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					You can override both columns and rows by specifying
					<code>editable:true</code> on the individual cells. Again, this would best be done using
					verbose syntax.
				</p>

				<h3>Multiline editing</h3>
				<p>
					You can enter newlines by holding <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> on <kbd>ENTER</kbd>. You will need to
					enter two newlines to create a paragraph. Note however that we only show the
					<em>first</em> paragraph unless the column is set to wrap.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								var popup = ts.ui.Notification;
								ts.ui.get('#table8', table => {
									table.cols([
										{label: 'Wrapped column', wrap: true},
										{label: 'Unwrapped column'}
									]).rows([
										[
											'Hold `SHIFT` while pressing `ENTER` to add a second paragraph.',
											'New paragraph ignored!'
										]
									]).editable(function onedit(ri, ci, value) {
										table.cell(ri, ci, value);
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table8"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>

				<h3>Input validation</h3>
				<p>
					Note that the actual update is a manual proces. This will give you a break to validate the
					input. In this example, we'll show the errors in a Notification.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								var popup = ts.ui.Notification;
								ts.ui.get('#table2', table => {
									table.rows([
										[1, 1, 2, 3, 5],
										[8, 13, 21, 34, 55]
									]).editable(function onedit(ri, ci, value) {
										value = Number(value);
										if(isNaN(value)) {
											table.invalid(ri, ci);
											popup.error('Please type a number.', {
												onaccept: function() {
													table.focus(ri, ci);
												}
											});
										} else {
											console.log('Send to backend: ' + value);
											table.cell(ri, ci, value);
										}
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table2"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					We can report the errors in a less annoying way if we pass a string as we mark the cells
					<code>invalid</code>. The message will show in the
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/table/status.html">statubar</a>
					when the cell is focused. We'll also initialize the statusbar with an empty string so that
					it doesn't awkwardly pop into existance.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								function format(value) {
									return new Date(value).toDateString();
								}
								function valid(value) {
									return !isNaN(new Date(value).getTime());
								}
								ts.ui.get('#table3', table => {
									table.status('').rows([
										[{ value: '1985-10-26', text: format('1985-10-26') }],
										[{ value: '2015-10-21', text: format('2015-10-26') }],
										[{ value: '1955-11-12', text: format('1955-11-12') }]
									]).editable(function onedit(ri, ci, value) {
										if(valid(value)) {
											console.log('Send to backend: ' + value);
											table.cell(ri, ci, {
												value: value,
												text: format(value),
											});
										} else {
											var message = 'Please use the format *YYYY-MM-DD*';
											table.invalid(ri, ci, message);
										}
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table3"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					When the cell is eventually updated, it automatically becomes valid. Let's talk more about
					the difference between <code>text</code> and <code>value</code> in the example above.
				</p>

				<h3>Text versus value</h3>
				<p>
					It doesn't always matter, but it's important to note that we
					<em>edit the value</em> while we <em>show the text</em>. Here's another example to
					illustrate the difference.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								ts.ui.get('#table4', table => {
									table.rows([
										[
											{ value: 1000, text: '$1,000.00'},
											{ value: 2000, text: '$2,000.00'},
											{ value: 3000, text: '$3,000.00'}
										]
									]).editable();
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table4"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					This way, we can edit, validate and persist the data in a uniform format (in this case,
					JavaScript numbers) while displaying a regionalized or otherwise customized format. We can
					exploit this creatively, by editing a document ID and showing the document title, for
					example. Remember to update verbosely:
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script>
						table.cell(rowindex, cellindex, {
							text: '4,000.00',
							value: 4000
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					&mdash; because otherwise the text becomes identical to the value. Also note that the
					<code>editable</code> callback will always serve the value as a string, so it may be
					nescessary to convert it to a number. Here's the more complete example.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								function format(n) {
									return '$' + n.toFixed(2).replace(/\B(?=(\d{3})+(?!\d))/g, ",")
								}
								ts.ui.get('#table5', table => {
									table.rows([
										[
											{ value: 1000, text: format(1000)},
											{ value: 2000, text: format(2000)},
											{ value: 3000, text: format(1000)}
										]
									]).editable(function(ri, ci, value) {
										value = Number(value);
										if(isNaN(value)) {
											table.invalid(ri, ci);
										} else {
											table.cell(ri, ci, {value: value, text: format(value)});
										}
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table5"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section>
				<p>Here's an overview of the editing related features.</p>
				<div data-ts="DoxApi">
					<script type="application/json">
						{
							"name": "ts.ui.TableSpirit",
							"methods": [
								{
									"name": "editable",
									"args": ["(function)"],
									"desc": "Make the Table editable with an optional callback that triggers whenever something is changed. The callback gets assigned to the Tables `onedit` method, see below."
								},
								{
									"name": "onedit",
									"args": ["number", "number", "string", "string"],
									"desc": "Called whenever a cell changes value with arguments: rowindex, cellindex, newvalue, oldvalue."
								},
								{
									"name": "uneditable",
									"desc": "Make the Table not editable."
								},
								{
									"name": "invalid",
									"args": ["number", "number"],
									"desc": "Mark the cell at given rowindex and cellindex invalid"
								},
								{
									"name": "valid",
									"args": ["number", "number"],
									"desc": "Mark the cell at given rowindex and cellindex valid. When you update the cell (see below), the cell automatically becomes valid."
								},
								{
									"name": "cell",
									"args": ["number", "number", "string|number|object"],
									"desc": "Update the cell at given rowindex and cellindex. Use the object argument (verbose syntax) to maintain both `text` and `value`."
								},
								{
									"name": "focus",
									"args": ["number", "number"],
									"desc": "Focus the cell (textarea) at given rowindex and cellindex."
								},
								{
									"name": "blur",
									"args": ["number", "number"],
									"desc": "Blur the cell at given rowindex and cellindex."
								}
							]
						}
					</script>
				</div>
			</section>
			<section>
				<div data-ts="Note">
					<i class="ts-icon-todo"></i>
					<p>
						API for knowing when something is invalid / everything is valid.
					</p>
				</div>
				<div data-ts="Note">
					<i class="ts-icon-todo"></i>
					<p>
						How to visually differentiate editable versus non-editable cells?
					</p>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
