<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Table Select</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body class="nosticky">
		<article>
			<h1>Selecting the rows</h1>
			<section>
				<p>
					You can mark rows as <code>selectable</code> with the method of that name. The callback
					fires whenever one or more rows changes state. The arguments <code>selected</code> and
					<code>unselected</code> arguments are both arrays-of-rowindexes.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								var table = ts.ui.get('#table1');
								var popup = ts.ui.Notification;
								table.rows([
									{cells: ['A', 'D', 'G'], selected: true},
									{cells: ['B', 'E', 'H']},
									{cells: ['C', 'F', 'I']},
								]);
								table.selectable(function debug(selected, unselected) {
									popup.success([
										JSON.stringify(selected),
										JSON.stringify(unselected)
									].join(', '));
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table1"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					You can mark individual rows as un-selectable with the
					<code>selectable</code> property.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								var table = ts.ui.get('#table5');
								var popup = ts.ui.Notification;
								table.rows([
									{cells: ['A', 'D', 'G']},
									{cells: ['B', 'E', 'H'], selectable: false},
									{cells: ['C', 'F', 'I']},
								]);
								table.selectable(function debug(selected, unselected) {
									popup.success([
										JSON.stringify(selected),
										JSON.stringify(unselected)
									].join(', '));
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table5"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					You can control selection using the methods <code>select</code>, <code>unselect</code> and
					<code>toggle</code>. The methods take one or more indexes (or an array of indexes) as
					arguments.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								var table = ts.ui.get('#table3');
								table.selectable().rows([
									['A', 'E', 'I'],
									['B', 'F', 'J'],
									['C', 'G', 'K'],
									['D', 'H', 'L'],
								]).select(0, 1).toggle([2, 3]);
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table3"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					You can also omit the argument to <code>select</code>, <code>unselect</code> or
					<code>toggle</code> everything.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.get('#table3').toggle();
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You can retrieve the selected indexes (as an array) with the
					<code>selected</code> method.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var table = ts.ui.get('#table3');
						var array = table.selected();
						var popup = ts.ui.Notification;
						popup.success(JSON.stringify(array));
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You can also confirm selection by passing one or more indexes (or an array).
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var table = ts.ui.get('#table3');
						var popup = ts.ui.Notification;
						if(table.selected(0, 1, 2, 3)) {
							popup.success('All selected!');
						} else {
							popup.warning('You must select them all.');
						}
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					If you add columns to the table, you'll get a selection menu in the header.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								var table = ts.ui.get('#table2');
								table.selectable();
								table.cols(['One', 'Two', 'Three']);
								table.rows([
									{cells: ['A', 'D', 'G']},
									{cells: ['B', 'E', 'H']},
									{cells: ['C', 'F', 'I']},
								]);
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table2"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					The menu selects or deselects all visible rows. If there are multiple pages in the table,
					you'll be presented with the opportunity to select all pages.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								$.getJSON('assets/rowdata.json', function(json) {
									var table = ts.ui.get('#table4').selectable();
									table.cols(['ID', 'Name', 'Price']).rows(json).max(5);
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="table4"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					If you are loading the table data incrementally (so you manage
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/table/paging.html">paging</a>
					yourself), you might like to know when <em>all</em> or <em>none</em> is selected via the
					menu. The Table supports two additional callbacks that can be assigned via
					<code>selectable()</code>.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="text/html">
						table.selectable(onselect, onselectall, onunselectall);
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>You can also assign these methods directly.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="text/html">
						table.onselect = function(selected, unselected) {};
						table.onselectall = function() { console.log('All'); };
						table.onunselectall = function() { console.log('None'); };
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>Here's a summary of the methods that deal with row selection.</p>
				<div data-ts="DoxApi">
					<script type="application/json">
						{
							"name": "ts.ui.TableSpirit",
							"methods": [
								{
									"name": "selectable",
									"args": ["(function)"],
									"desc": "Make the Table selectable with an optional callback."
								},
								{
									"name": "unselectable",
									"desc": "Make the Table not selectable."
								},
								{
									"name": "select",
									"args": ["(number|array)"],
									"desc": "Select row at index(es). Omit the argument to select all rows."
								},
								{
									"name": "unselect",
									"args": ["(number|array)"],
									"desc": "Unselect row at index(es). Omit the argument to unselect all rows."
								},
								{
									"name": "toggle",
									"args": ["(number|array)"],
									"desc": "Toggle row at index(es). Omit the argument to toggle all rows."
								},
								{
									"name": "selected",
									"args": ["(number|array)"],
									"type": ["boolean|array"],
									"desc": "Test one or more indexes for selection. You can omit the argument to get all selected indexes."
								},
								{
									"name": "onselect",
									"args": ["array", "array"],
									"desc": "The callback that you would normally assign via `selectable()`."
								},
								{
									"name": "onselectall",
									"desc": "If specified, this will be called when selecting everything."
								},
								{
									"name": "onunselectall",
									"desc": "If specified, this will be called when de-selecting everything."
								}
							]
						}
					</script>
				</div>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
