<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Table Sort</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body class="nosticky">
		<article>
			<h1>Sorting the columns</h1>
			<section>
				<p>
					You can make the Table <code>sortable</code> with a callback that triggers whenever a
					column is clicked. We ship the Table with a built-in sort mechanism, but you'll still need
					to call it. The <code>sort</code> method takes a column index and a direction. If you set
					<code>sortable</code> to false for one column, that column is unsortable.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								ts.ui.get('#example6', table => {
									table.cols(
										['Animal', {label: 'Price', type: 'ts-number', sortable:false}]
									).rows([
										['Donkey', 700],
										['Baboon', 1500],
										['Coyote', 250],
										['Albatross', 50]
									]).sortable(function(index, ascending) {
										table.sort(index, ascending);
									});
									table.sort(0, true);
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="example6"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					The <code>index</code> is the column index and the <code>ascending</code> argument
					alternates whenever the same col is clicked twice. If you manage your own sorting routine,
					you can control the appearance of the column using <code>selected</code> and
					<code>ascending</code>.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								ts.ui.get('#example12', table => {
									table.cols([
										{
											label: 'Example',
											selected: true,
											ascending: false
										}
									]);
									setInterval(function() {
										var col = table.cols()[0];
										if((col.selected = !col.selected)) {
											col.ascending = !col.ascending;
										}
									}, 1000);
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="example12"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					Importantly note that the cell values must all be declared as
					<em>numbers</em> in order to sort numerically. You can declare a hidden value while
					showing a human readable text using verbose syntax:
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script>
						table.rows([
							[{ value: 1, text: 'One' }, { value: 2, text: 'Two' }, { value: 3, text: 'Three' }]
						]);
					</script>
				</figure>

				<h3>Custom sort</h3>
				<p>
					Standard sorting only deals with numbers and strings. If you need some kind of more
					advanced sorting, for example if the
					<code>value</code> contains arrays or objects, you can implement custom sort per column
					via the <code>sort</code> method.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								ts.ui.get('#example7', table => {
									table.cols([
										{
											label: 'Fruit',
											sort: function(val1, val2, ascending) { // sort random!
												return Math.random() > 0.5 ? 1 : -1;
											}
										}
									])
									.rows([['Banana'], ['Apple'], ['Grape'], ['Pear']])
									.sortable(function(index, ascending) {
										table.sort(index, ascending);
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="Table" id="example7"></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
