<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>CompanyCard</title>
		<object data="tabs.xhtml"></object>
	</head>
	<body class="nosticky">
		<article>
			<h1>CompanyCard</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					In this first iteration, the CompanyCard is simply a HTML rendering that you can feed with
					JSON in various ways.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="html">
				<p>
					You can initialize a CompanyCard with the attribute
					<att>data-ts="CompanyCard"</att>.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
					<script type="text/html">
						<div data-ts="CompanyCard" id="mycard"></div>
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>Even without any data, the card takes on a cardlike appearance.</p>
				<p data-ts="CompanyCard"></p>
				<p>
					If you are using Angular or jQuery, you might like to feed the card through a JavaScript
					API, as we will see, you can however also embed the data directly in the markup.
				</p>

				<h3>Embedded JSON</h3>
				<p>
					Server-side devs and UX designers might like to embed the JSON in the HTML. Because this
					is JSON, you should use double quotes and omit trailing commas.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
							<script type="text/html">
								<div data-ts="CompanyCard">
									<scrxpt type="application/json">
										{
											"id": "6bf17754-f9de-4e31-aa31-bd3ff765b9c2",
											"data": {
												"name": "Tradeshift",
												"logo": "assets/logo.png",
												"size": "100–249",
												"location": "San Francisco, California",
												"industry": "Software & IT",
												"connection": 2
											}
										}
									</scrxpt>
								</div>
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div data-ts="CompanyCard">
							<script type="application/json">
								{
									"id": "6bf17754-f9de-4e31-aa31-bd3ff765b9c2",
									"data": {
										"name": "Tradeshift",
										"logo": "assets/logo.png",
										"size": "100–249",
										"location": "San Francisco, California",
										"industry": "Software & IT",
										"connection": 2
									}
								}
							</script>
						</div>
					</li>
				</ul>

				<h3>Encoded JSON</h3>
				<p>
					You can also embed the JSON in an attribute <att>data-ts.render</att>. The JSON string
					must be encoded in the format returned by method
					<code>encodeURIComponent(json);</code> Remember to <code>trim()</code> the JSON string
					before you encode it.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxMarkup">
							<script type="text/html">
								<div data-ts="CompanyCard" data-ts.render="%7B%22id%22%3A%226bf17754-f9de-4e31-aa31-bd3ff765b9c2%22%2C%22data%22%3A%7B%22name%22%3A%22Tradeshift%22%2C%22logo%22%3A%22assets%2Flogo.png%22%2C%22size%22%3A%22100%E2%80%93249%22%2C%22location%22%3A%22San%20Francisco%2C%20California%22%2C%22industry%22%3A%22Software%20%26%20IT%22%2C%22connection%22%3A2%7D%7D"></div>
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<div
							data-ts="CompanyCard"
							data-ts.render="%7B%22id%22%3A%226bf17754-f9de-4e31-aa31-bd3ff765b9c2%22%2C%22data%22%3A%7B%22name%22%3A%22Tradeshift%22%2C%22logo%22%3A%22assets%2Flogo.png%22%2C%22size%22%3A%22100%E2%80%93249%22%2C%22location%22%3A%22San%20Francisco%2C%20California%22%2C%22industry%22%3A%22Software%20%26%20IT%22%2C%22connection%22%3A2%7D%7D"
						></div>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="js">
				<h3>Render programatically</h3>
				<p>
					You can grab a hold of the card and instruct it to
					<code>render()</code> some JSON data.
				</p>
				<ul class="splitscreen">
					<li>
						<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
							<script type="runnable">
								ts.ui.get('#mycard', card => {
									card.render({
										id: "6bf17754-f9de-4e31-aa31-bd3ff765b9c2",
										data: {
											name: "Tradeshift",
											logo: "assets/logo.png",
											size: '100–249',
											location: "San Francisco, California",
											industry: 'Software & IT',
											connection: 2
										}
									});
								});
							</script>
						</figure>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p data-ts="CompanyCard" id="mycard"></p>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>
					We notice that the connection status is indicated by a number. The number matches an index
					in the following array, which declares the label and
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/icons/css.html">icon</a>.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script>
						ts.ui.CompanyCard.connectionTypes = [
							['Your company', 'ts-icon-network'],
							['Request sent', 'ts-icon-network'],
							['Connected', 'ts-icon-network'],
							['Registration in progress', 'ts-icon-network'],
							['In your Google Contacts', 'ts-icon-network'],
							['Via email only', 'ts-icon-network']
						];
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					This array is <em>crowdsourced</em>. You can modify the array in your app, simply by
					copy-pasting the code above into your initialization script. You can also use numbers
					(instead of strings) to indicate size and industry.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script>
						card.render({
							id: '6bf17754-f9de-4e31-aa31-bd3ff765b9c2',
							data: {
								name: 'Tradeshift',
								size: 3,
								industry: 6
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					If you provide a number instead of a string, we'll look it up in these lists.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script>
						ts.ui.CompanyCard.companySizes = [
							'1',
							'1–10',
							'1–100',
							'100–249',
							'250-500',
							'500-1000'
						];

						ts.ui.CompanyCard.industryTypes = [
							'Airline',
							'Corporation',
							'Educational Organization',
							'Government Organization',
							'Local Business',
							'NGO',
							'Software & IT',
							'Performing Group',
							'Sports Team'
						];
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You are also welcome to overwrite these arrays in your app. That's it for now.
				</p>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
