<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Dialog</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<h1>Dialog</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					The Dialog API can be used to ask simple questions much like the JavaScript
					<code>confirm()</code> method.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<p>You can launch a Dialog with methods to handle OK and Cancel.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Dialog.confirm('Will you try?', {
							onaccept: function() {
								ts.ui.Notification.success('Good luck');
							},
							oncancel: function() {
								ts.ui.Notification.success('Come back later');
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You are encouraged to specify the text of the OK button. The button should attempt to
					indicate what happens when you press it.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Dialog.confirm('Show the Notification?', 'Show It', {
							onaccept: function() {
								ts.ui.Notification.success('Good choice');
							},
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>You can add a third string argument to specify the Cancel text.</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3>Buttons setup</h3>
				<p>
					Dialog buttons are secondary (blue) by default, but you can choose to make the
					<code>accept</code> or <code>cancel</code> button primary. You can also tweak the default
					focus.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Dialog.confirm('Sign up for Tradeshift?', 'Join Now', {
							primary: 'accept',
							focused: 'accept'
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					You can change the label of both the primary and secondary buttons.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Dialog.confirm('Sign up for Tradeshift?', 'Join Now', 'Not Now', {
							primary: 'accept',
							focused: 'accept'
						});
					</script>
				</figure>

				<p>
					If you need more buttons for different actions then you can add the `actions` option
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Dialog.danger('Are you sure you want to delete the document?', 'Delete document', {
							primary: 'accept',
							actions: [
								{
									label : 'Archive Document',
									onclick: function(){
										ts.ui.Notification.info('You archive the document.');
									}
								}
							]
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3>Warning dialogs</h3>
				<p>
					You can launch special dialogs to confirm choices of more dire consequence.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Dialog.warning('This will delete the thing.', 'Delete It', {
							onaccept: function() {
								ts.ui.Dialog.danger(
									'Are you absolutely sure you want to ' +
									'*permanently* delete the whole thing?',
									'Delete It'
								);
							}
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h3>Dialog icons</h3>
				<p>
					You can point the <code>icon</code> property to an alternative
					<a data-ts="Button" href="/#components/icons/css.html">icon class</a>, but you should
					stick to the stock icons whenever possible so that the user can easily recognize the
					dialog type.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.Dialog.confirm('Proceed to Checkout?', 'Check Out', {
							icon: 'ts-icon-cart',
							primary: 'accept',
							focused: 'accept'
						});
					</script>
				</figure>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
