<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>DatePicker</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<article>
			<h1>DatePicker</h1>
			<section class="desc">
				<p>
					Calendar widget that appears in Aside. Used in Forms for an implementation of &lt;input
					type="date"&gt; elements.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<p>
					The DatePicker can be launched with a JavaScript API. You should implement the
					<code>onselect</code> method to get notified whenever the user picks a date. Note that you
					must manually <code>open</code> and <code>close</code> the DatePicker.
				</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						var datePicker = ts.ui.DatePicker({
							title: "Your Birthday",
							value: '1973-03-26',
							onselect: function(newval, oldval) {
								ts.ui.Notification.success(this.value);
								this.close();
							},
							onclosed: function() {
								this.dispose();
							}
						});
						datePicker.open();
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>You can specify a <code>min</code> and <code>max</code> value.</p>
				<figure data-ts="DoxScript">
					<script type="runnable">
						ts.ui.DatePicker({
							title: "Your Birthday",
							value: '1984-05-23',
							min: '1984-01-01',
							max: '1985-12-24',
							onselect: function() {
								this.close();
							},
							onclosed: function() {
								this.dispose();
							}
						}).open();
					</script>
				</figure>
				<p>
					The object argument configures a <code>ts.ui.DatePickerModel</code> as outlined below.
				</p>
				<table class="api">
					<caption>
						<code>ts.ui.DatePickerModel</code>
					</caption>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<th colspan="3">Instance properties</th>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><code>title</code></td>
							<td><code>{string}</code></td>
							<td>Appears as the title of the DatePicker</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><code>value</code></td>
							<td><code>{string}</code></td>
							<td>
								The selected date. Must be dash-separated, ISO 8601 formatted date string e.g.
								<code>2015-01-01</code>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<th colspan="3">Instance methods</th>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><code>open</code></td>
							<td><code>{void}</code></td>
							<td>Open the DatePicker</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><code>close</code></td>
							<td><code>{void}</code></td>
							<td>Close the DatePicker</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><code>onselect</code></td>
							<td><code>{void}</code></td>
							<td>
								Called whenever selection changes with two arguments
								<code>newval</code> and <code>oldval</code>.
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><code>onclosed</code></td>
							<td><code>{void}</code></td>
							<td>
								Event listener for close event. Called after aside closing animation is completed.
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td><code>dispose</code></td>
							<td><code>{void}</code></td>
							<td>Cleanup the DataPicker (recommended)</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
